[documentation] added iOS Shortcut Link for Uploading PDF to paperless (#878)
paperless-ngx/paperless-ngx: docs/scanners.rst

On Android, you can use these applications in combination with one of the :ref:`Paperless-ngx compatible apps <usage-mobile_upload>` to "Share" the documents produced by these scanner apps with paperless. On iOS, you can share the scanned documents via iOS-Sharing to other mail, WebDav or FTP apps.

> There is a Shortcut on iOS where you can directly share PDF Documents to paperless here: https://www.icloud.com/shortcuts/52ce6292ea4e4a01951e14454b88bb14

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is also an iOS Shortcut that allows you to directly upload PDF documents available here: https://www.icloud.com/shortcuts/52ce6292ea4e4a01951e14454b88bb14
Please note this only works for documents downloaded to iCloud / the device, in other words not directly from a URL.
```

> There is a Shortcut on iOS where you can directly share PDF Documents to paperless here: https://www.icloud.com/shortcuts/52ce6292ea4e4a01951e14454b88bb14

Reviewer: Please update the setup text of the shortcut to something like below (just grammar, capitalization etc nothing major)
`Please enter the Url (with http) for Paperless. No trailing slash` --> `Please enter the URL (with https) for your Paperless install. Do not include trailing slash.`

`Please enter your API-Key (from Admin-Panel)` --> `Please enter Auth token (found in Admin section).`

Author: Hi!
I'll update it tomorrow. I think after saving it will generate  a new Link

On Android, you can use these applications in combination with one of the :ref:`Paperless-ngx compatible apps <usage-mobile_upload>` to "Share" the documents produced by these scanner apps with paperless. On iOS, you can share the scanned documents via iOS-Sharing to other mail, WebDav or FTP apps.

> There is also an iOS Shortcut that allows you to directly upload PDF documents available here: https://www.icloud.com/shortcuts/52ce6292ea4e4a01951e14454b88bb14

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is also an iOS Shortcut that allows you to directly upload PDF documents available here: https://www.icloud.com/shortcuts/364d60428ac34979b8d767cf80f768e6
```

> There is also an iOS Shortcut that allows you to directly upload PDF documents available here: https://www.icloud.com/shortcuts/7696acad005443999cd6b1eaed3e6eba

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is also an iOS Shortcut that allows you to directly upload text, PDF and image documents available here: https://www.icloud.com/shortcuts/d6dbf8dc1e454f8ea03b4c3d70058847
```

> There is also an iOS Shortcut that allows you to directly upload text, PDF and image documents available here: https://www.icloud.com/shortcuts/d6dbf8dc1e454f8ea03b4c3d70058847
> Please note this only works for documents downloaded to iCloud / the device, in other words not directly from a URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is also an iOS Shortcut that allows you to directly upload text, PDF and image documents available here: https://www.icloud.com/shortcuts/d234abc0885040129d9d75fa45fe1154
Please note this only works for documents downloaded to iCloud / the device, in other words not directly from a URL.
```
